Botprise integration with datadog (#679)
DataDog/integrations-extras: botprise/README.md

> # Agent Check: botprise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
this is pulled from the manifest

Author: Got it.Removed

## Overview

> Botprise's Datadog integration allows you to send Botprise events to the event stream in Datadog. It submits Datadog events into the system over email.

Reviewer: a link out to Botprise would be good

Author: Updated

## Setup

### Installation

### Configuration

> 1. Install datadog agent on lab devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Datadog Agent on your lab devices.
```

> 2. After successful installation devices will get listed on datadog host list(https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/map)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After successful installation, your devices start sending data to Datadog. View the data on the [Datadog host list][3].
```

Author: Modified

> 3. Create monitor for each of the host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In Datadog, create a monitor for each of the hosts. Datadog generates alerts based on the monitor rules.
```

Author: Corrected

> 4. Configure monitor for metric and respective threshold value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure each monitor for [metrics][4] and the respective threshold value. 
```

Author: Updated

> 5. Datadog generates alert based on the monitor rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed

> 6. Modify monitor configuration to create ServiceNow ticket for each of the incoming alert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Modify the monitor configuration to create a ServiceNow ticket for each of the incoming alerts.
```
link for ServiceNow?

Author: Added

> 7. Generate API key and Application key to call Datadog Rest APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Generate an [API key and an Application key][5] to call Datadog Rest APIs.
```

Author: Done

## Data Collected

### Metrics

The Botprise integration does not provide metrics.

### Service Checks

The Botprise integration does not include any service checks.

### Events

All events are sent to the Datadog event stream.

### Configuration

> For getting datadog API invoke we need to enter API key and application key

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To use the Datadog API, you need to enter an [API key and an application key][5]:
```

Author: Added

Input a Datadog API Key []:xxxx9232ad913d1a864828a2df15xxxx
Input a Datadog Application Key []:xxxxcb1798718f7a2da141071e7305599d60xxxx

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][1].

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

> [2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[3] https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/map
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/metrics/
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/
```

Author: Updated

# Agent Check: botprise

## Overview

We have been using datadog Rest APIs to get usage metrics from devices. As part of integration we have installed datadog agent on few lab devices. With the help of agent we retrieve usage data from the devices and raise alert if usage cross threshold value. We have setup few monitors to check alerts for each host. For every alert we have been creating Service Now ticket which comes in botprise system with webhook integration.

> Later while resolving those tickets we use datadog rest API to get usage metrics and host details. Also APIs are being used for querying process details

Reviewer 2: This should be an overview about what the integration is about not a backstory ;). It should include a link to the service official page

## Setup

### Installation

The botprise check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.

> No additional installation is needed on your server.

Reviewer 2: This is not true for integrations-extras, please copy this section from other integrations in this repo

### Configuration
1. Installed datadog agent on lab devices
2. After successful installation devices got listed on datadog host list
3. Created monitor for each of the host
4. Configured monitor for metric and respective threshold value. Once threshold value would cross for the metric alert will be generated.
5. Modified configuration to create ServiceNow ticket for each of the incoming alert

> 6. Generated API key and Application key to trigger Rest API

Reviewer 2: Please state instructions in imperative format

### Validation

> <Steps to validate integration is functioning as expected>

Reviewer 2: Something is missing here?

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> Botprise uses datadog metric API to get usage metrics from added devices. Also APIs are being used for querying process/infrastructure details

Reviewer 2: Here you should explain the metrics that are collected or refer to `metadata.csv`, please see other integrations as example

For getting datadog API invoke we need to enter API key and application key

Input a Datadog API Key []:xxxx9232ad913d1a864828a2df15xxxx

> Input a Datadog Application Key []:xxxxcb1798718f7a2da141071e7305599d60xxxx

Reviewer 2: It looks this should be in the configuration section
